Quintonia Extension Pack 3 

- Café - For use with Satyr Farm system

This pack contains new or modified items to use as a kitchen / café with the Satyr Farm system.

It will rez as a 10m x 6m platform with all items.

* INFO *

SF Bread Storage
 Storage unit for: Bread, Tortillas

SF Cake Storage
 Storage unit for: Apple pie, Cherry cake, Coffee cake, Fruit pie, Gateaux, Meringue pie, Pavlova, Strawberry cake

SF Refrigerator
 A modified SF fridge that stores the following: Butter, Cheese, Chicken, Curd, Duck Meat, Eggs, Feta, Fish, Kefalotyri, Meat,Milk, Soyamilk, Tofu, Ice, Roasted veg

SF Barrel Store
 Each shelf holds a single barrel (beer, whiskey etc) - only works with barrels produced by the modified SatyrFarm Microbrewery in Quintonia extensions pack 4

SF Keg Store
 Each shelf holds a single keg (orange juice, lemonade etc)

SF Cafe Hob
 Produces the following: Cheesy fries, Chicken curry, Curd, Fries, Pasta, Salt, Stew, Tacos, Tofu

SF Cafe Oven
 Produces the following: Apple pie, Bread, Cherry cake, Coffee cake, Fruit pie, Gateaux, Meringue pie, Pavlova, Pizza, Roasted veg, Strawberry cake, Sugar, Tortillas

SF Sink
 A sink version of the well for water.

SatyrFarm Grinder
 Same as standard grinder but just included for completeness!  Makes coffee and cocoa

SatyrFarm Juicer
 Makes kegs of juice: Apple cider, Apple juice, Carrot juice, Grape juice, Lemon juice, Lemonade, Orange juice, Tomato juice

SF Cheese Maker
 Makes: Cheese, Feta, Kefalotyri

SF Blender
 Make smoothies & shakes: Strawberry smoothie, Sunshine smoothie, Strawberry milkshake, Chocolate milkshake, 

SF Hot Drinks Maker
 Makes the following: Black Coffee, Cappuccino, Latte, Pot of Tea, Cup of Tea, Green Tea, Hot Chocolate

SF Drinks Maker
 Makes various drinks using the kegs. Also makes a smoking pipe with pot: Apple juice glass, Grape juice glass, Orange juice glass, Tomato juice glass, Lemon juice glass, Lemonade jug, Carrot juice glass, Apple Cider glass, Beer glass, Wine glass, Cognac glass, Gin glass, Vodka glass, Whiskey glass, Sake glass, Bloody Mary, Pipe


SF Salad Bar
 Produces various food items: Salad, Greek salad, BLT sandwich, Roasted veg sandwich, Cheese sandwich, Chicken sandwich, Egg sandwich, Hamburger

SF Ice creams
 Produces cold desserts:

Ice, Ice cream (random flavours!), Rum n Raisin, Ice sundae, Sorbet (random flavours!)


SF Table & Cafe seat
 If a cafe item is following you, when you touch it, instead of going to the ground it will seek out an empty table and put on a table cloth.  Only one item can go to one table.  If the cloth is on but no item is present, you can touch the table to remove the cloth.


More info and discussions at https://www.quintonia.net/forum/farming

==  ==  ==  

The extension packs available in Quintonia are modifications to the “Satyr Farm” system, which is an open source Farm system that contains fully functional plants, breedable animals, tools and food processing items. More information can be found at https://satyrfarm.github.io/
